This is the story of a boy who, from the moment he was born, was despised by his parents.
His name is Daven, and his misfortune was to be born on the same day and at the same time as Kajin, a child blessed by the sword God "Keshack" — born with a blessed body and talent.
Daven's mother only wished her son was Kajin instead of him.
She and his father were disappointed in Daven, one of the reasons being that he was missing his right arm.
His mother would whisper to him every night that he should die.
Daven was aware of this and apologized to her, not knowing why he was despised.
He did not want to die.
When Daven was not yet born, he heard his father say that he was the hope.
At that time, they were looking forward to Daven, as his father could never beat his older brother.
But he hoped that when Daven was born, that child would be better than his brother's son.
Daven's father expected him to defeat Kajin, yet he was born with only one hand and without the blessing of a God.
The mere fact that he was born crushed all his father's hopes.
While Kajin played with a smile and had begun to walk, Daven still struggled to get up.
When Daven learned to take his first steps, Kajin was already holding a blade.
The first time Daven held a blade, Kajin had already experienced mana and began to train in Samian's swordsmanship.
At some point, Kajin became the object of Daven's adoration and envy.
When he was seven years old, he was sent as one of Kajin's assistants.
Outwardly, it was known that he was sent as an aide to support Kajin, but the reality is that his parents sold him for 300,000 Luden.
As they grew up, Kajin took advantage of him because, from the beginning, Daven was an annoyance to him.
That's why Kajin took his anger out on Daven, who had no choice but to hold back his tears.
It was hard for him to bear the fact that the adults who passed before him turned a blind eye to the situation.
Daven's uncle was known as an amazing man, but he left the family a long time ago and never came back.
That's why there was no one to control Kajin, so he grew up as a boss.
He easily beat everyone; he had superior talent and the blessing of the sword God.
Next, he would face Daven, who was jealous of Kajin's strength and talent.
Kajin despised the look on Daven's face and went all out against him, as he couldn't bear to be seen that way by someone with no art.
Kajin tells Daven that he can work hard all his life if he wants to, but he will never be able to achieve his strength.
Daven wants to win; he really wants to, but his dreams can't be achieved by hard work alone.
Kajin got lazy with his training as he grew up, sinking into alcohol, ferals, and drugs.
Still, Daven was not able to beat him.
Kajin was a genius who didn't work, and Daven was an idiot who worked hard, but he is clear about one thing: their positions will not be the same forever.
After many fights, the most significant one came for Daven.
After exchanging a few blows, for the first time, he got the upper hand against Kajin.
After blinding him, he quickly approached him to deliver a direct blow with which he finally managed to defeat Kajin.
Up to that point, the head-to-head record was 21 fights and 21 losses to Kajin.
But after 29 years, Daven was able to be despite all the times he lost and people telling him to give up, mocking him for being a talentless idiot.
But still, he won, and everyone shouted his name.
Kajin couldn't bear to lose to Daven.
At that moment, Daven heard the words that fell on his ears when he was younger—the words of contempt that his parents said to him.
Daven tells Kajin that if it were him, he wouldn't have lived that way.
He wouldn't have wasted his life on alcohol and drugs.
He makes it clear that he would have lived a more meaningful life than stepping on the weak.
By the time Daven turns to leave, thinking it's all over, Kajin runs his sword through his chest, leaving everyone stunned.
Kajin, an idiot to the end.
Despite defeating Kajin, there was no way Daven would live.
The Sun Blade Greatsword that only the direct line of the Samian family uses also contains Samian family Mana with anti-magic properties, meaning that unless the miraculous Saint Layla appeared.
There was no way Daven would survive.
Before closing his eyes, Daven tells Kajin that he will always be remembered as a loser.
Surprisingly, Daven later wakes up tied up, believing he is in hell.
But this masked guy tells him that he is a lucky guy, as the miraculous Saint Layla was present in the arena and healed Daven, despite that his whole body was broken, and all he could do was breathe.
Next, this guy asks Daven if he signed a contract with the devil.
Daven is surprised to hear such a statement, but the guy mentions that his parents admitted it, so it is useless to deny it.
Besides, bottles with Daven's blood for the contract with the devil were found in his family's house.
They accuse him of being a demon who sacrificed 300 innocent children to make himself stronger.
Daven managed to defeat Kajin, but not the Samian family.
After all, his own family chose Kajin over him.
Because of all these accusations, Daven is sentenced to life imprisonment and having his Mana sealed.
Daven's sinews were cut, and his Mana was sealed through many chains.So, he was taken to prison where he receives a visit from Kajin, who laughs at him.
